Automate publishing to npm (#136)
kbss-cvut/s-forms: docs/SFORMS_WORKFLOW_DOC.md

> # S-Forms publishing workflow documentation

Reviewer: why so crazy naming convention of the file ? I suggest docs/npm-release-workflow.md

S-Forms follows the [semantic versioning](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-semantic-versioning) recommendations for new **releases**, and a SHA based ID for new **pre-releases**. The workflow is described below:

## Publish new release

> New releases should be done **only** on the **master** branch. Use the `release:<patch | minor | major>` to publish a new release. The script will automatically bump the version, create a new git tag and publish the library to npm. Refer to [semantic versioning](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-semantic-versioning) to determine which script to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New releases are done **only** on the **master** branch. Use the `npm run release:<patch | minor | major>` to publish a new release. The script will automatically bump the version, create a new git tag and publish the library to npm. Refer to [semantic versioning](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-semantic-versioning) to determine which script to use.
```

Reviewer: Thus if I understand it correctly, you must also commit first ... I would put this fact into the comment (something like make sure that everything is committed)

If it does git tag it also pushes it right ? I would add it there as well if so ...

**NOTE:** You must be logged on [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/) and added to the [@kbss-cvut/s-forms](https://www.npmjs.com/org/kbss-cvut) organization to be able to publish manually.

## Publish alpha and beta pre-release

> Pre-releases are automatically managed and published with [Github Actions](https://github.com/features/actions). Check `./github/npm-publish-*.yml` for more details on the workflow.

Reviewer: I would include the directory link here and concrete links down there.

Or maybe even directory link is not necessary here at all.

### Beta release

> Beta releases are automatically published when a **pull request** is **merged** on the **master** branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beta releases are automatically published by [github workflow](https://github.com/kbss-cvut/s-forms/actions/workflows/npm-publish-beta.yml) when a **pull request** is **merged** on the **master** branch.
```

### Alpha release

> Alpha releases are automatically published on every **push** that is **not** on the **master** branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alpha releases are automatically published by [github workflow](https://github.com/kbss-cvut/s-forms/actions/workflows/npm-publish-alpha.yml) on every **push** that is **not** on the **master** branch.
```
